English Curriculum: Block 17 (#59564)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/24-b1-english-for-developers/learn-about-speculation-and-requests/67f378ed3e7b6b0575188707.md

---
id: 67f378ed3e7b6b0575188707
title: Task 67
challengeType: 22
dashedName: task-67
---

<!-- (audio) Jake: It's possible. Phishing can lead to unauthorized access if someone clicks on a malicious link. -->

# --instructions--

Listen to the audio and complete the sentence below.

# --fillInTheBlank--

## --sentence--

`It's possible. Phishing can lead to BLANK if someone clicks on a BLANK.`

## --blanks--

`unauthorized access`

### --feedback--

This two-word phrase refers to the ability to enter or use a system without permission.

---

`malicious link`

### --feedback--

This two-word phrase refers to a harmful clickable element that takes users to a webpage.

# --explanation--

Phishing attacks often trick users into clicking `malicious links`, leading to `unauthorized access` to accounts or systems.

`Unauthorized access` means someone enters a system without permission. For example:

> `The system blocked unauthorized access.` - Someone tried to enter without permission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`The system blocked unauthorized access.` - The system prevented unapproved users from gaining access.
```
